Dad
I voluntarily give up
The right to inherit all the property
Of The Gu family
Going through so many things
I've thought it through
I still feel
Only Xi Xi
Is the love of my life
I just want to be with her
That's it
Your marriage
I also tried hard to force it.
If you have your own thoughts now
It's up to you
But you must remember
If one day you want to come back
Remember to visit dad
Gu Yan Chen
I am the eldest daughter of the He family
I have never suffered
Feeling so resentful
Brother
Do you really want to marry me?
We will always be together
Right?
Since the first time I met you
I knew
I will marry you
A
Don't hit anymore
I beg you